documentation refactor and custom providers documentation (#1333)
boostercloud/booster: website/docs/10_going-deep/custom-providers.mdx

Clouds providers have to implement two specific interfaces: 
-  **Infrastructure:** This interface is used during deployment to create, destroy and configurate all the infrastructure necessary to run the application. 
-  **Runtime:** This inteface implements all the interaction between Booster framework and the deployed infrastructure in runtime. 

![architecture](/img/interface.jpg)

## The infrastructure interface in detail

The provider infrastructure interface by convention is implemented in a package ending with `-infrastructure` name like the `framework-provider-aws-infrastructure`.  As it has been commented, this package 
includes all the necessary to deploy and configure cloud elements for running your application. For instance in the case of AWS, this package is in charge of deploy the DynamoDB for your event store, 
create all the lambdas, and configure all the API gateway configuration for your application.

Internally the infrastructure package interface is composed by two methods:

- **deploy**: This method is called during the deployment by the CLI and it should be in charge to deploy all the neccesary resource for your application and rockets. 

> - **nuke**: This is method is charge of destroy all generated resources during the deploy and it is called during the nuke process. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **nuke**: This is method is charge of destroy all generated resources during the deploy and it is called during the nuke process. 
- **start**: This method is used when the provider implements a server that needs to be started (i.e. the local provider)
- **synth**: This method allows you to export the infrastructure to a file (for instance, if you use the Terraform CDK, you can export the script here to run it using conventional terraform tools)
```

> For the implementation of the infrastructure interface you can use any Infrastructure as Code tool provided by cloud providers or third parties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The infrastructure interface just defines an adapter for Booster so the framework knows how to start any of the described processes, but you can use any Infrastructure as Code tool that has a Typescript DSL (CDK) or even call other CLI tools or scripts if you rather maintain it using a different technology.
```

## The runtime interface in detail

The other key aspect during the implementation of a provider is the runtime package. This package is in charge of the interaction between Booster framework and all deployed resources when the application is running.
For instance, this package has the responsability to store data in the event store, performs the data projections, etc...

> The runtime interface is divided in different sections:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The runtime interface ([ProviderLibrary](https://github.com/boostercloud/booster/blob/main/packages/framework-types/src/provider.ts)) is divided in seven sections:
```

- **fetchData:** Fetch the specific client connection information from the database.
- **deleteData:** Delete all the information about a specific client connection.
- **sendMessage:** Send a message to a specific client. This method get the message and destination as parameters and it should be able to fetch the connection information from the database and send the provided data to the client. 

### Scheduled
Finally, this section of the API is related to scheduled commands:
- **rawToEnvelope:** as in other sections, this method is in charge to transform the scheduled command into a framework envelope.

## Tips for developing custom providers

- As a starting point, check the implementation of other providers to check how evertyhing is implemented. 
- Start the provider implementation by the infrastructure package because you will get all the infrastructure deployed and later the work with the runtime API will be easier. 
- If you need support during the development remember that you can have access to our [Discord](https://discord.gg/bDY8MKx) where some community members will can help you. 

> 

Author: Done :)
